The Joe Rogan experience.
But I'd love the fact.
They said that that it's racist when he calls her Pocahontas it's racist.
I'm like, it's a Disney movie. Well, a lot of people.
So I mean, the moment that I, you know,
gave up on Elizabeth Warren's political judgment is when she decided to
publicly go through the DN and the 23 and me or whatever it was to
prove that she was in fact partially native American. It was like, just dude,
back off.
Well, she had to, she had to, Trump, Trump is going to attack her on it forever.
Now attack her on it forever. No matter what,
but now at least it's off the table.
She showed the Sloot slightest sliver of native Americans.
No, Joe, it's not off the table.
You think that if Elizabeth Warren's not the candidate,
that's not going to be what he hits her with every single time.
For sure. Yeah.
But it would be more on the table if she had never taken the DNA test,
he would be, oh, for sure. Yes. Yes. Because it would be this,
this hidden thing. Like no, no, no. He knows.
He knows I'm lying about my ancestry.
It's a big thing to lie about because if you look, if you lie about being Dutch,
okay, it's like, you know, it's kind of a cool ethnicity, but it's not that,
but you lie about being native American.
It's different because like they're one of the most maligned and
repressed peoples ever in, in recorded history.
I mean,
they were wiped off the face of the map and stuck into these little pockets of
land that don't have strong natural resources. I mean, I've been,
I'm on my fifth book in the last three months on native Americans.
Wow. Yeah. I became obsessed with empire the summer moon.
It's a book, um,
on the command cheese and it is incredible. It's incredible.
When you realize like that this was going on in this country just 150
years ago, and that for hundreds of years,
the Comanche has just dominated the west.
They dominated the Plains and until they invented a gun that could shoot more
than one bullet, the, the white men were.
The Comanches would just dominate them because they could shoot arrow after
hour. And they were just a ferocious people. They didn't that, no artwork,
no bead work. They just, they just made teepees like work.
Really? They weren't, they didn't have like illustrious,
like works of art and beautiful. What, what the Comanches were a war people.
Yeah. They, they raided, they hunted, they ate mostly meat.
All they ate was meat. They barely, they didn't farm.
They didn't do any farming.
They just roamed around and killed Buffalo and just dominated the entire Western
half of this country for hundreds and hundreds of years,
because they were the first ones to figure out how to ride horses.
They were the first ones to not just figure out how to ride horses, but to,
to raise horses, animal husband, tree, they, they,
they figured out how to accumulate large stables of horses and
ride them better than anybody could. You need to read this? It's amazing.
It's it's amazing. It's so good. It's such a good book and horrific.
Do you see the woman out there? That's on the wall,
outside the native American woman. That's breastfeeding woman, a baby.
You're talking about a real woman in a painting. There's a no,
it's a photograph of Cynthia Ann Parker. Cynthia Ann Parker was,
she was abducted by the Comanche's when she was nine years old and then became
accepted as a part of the tribe and then went on to be the wife of the
major chief, one of the major Comanche chiefs,
and then was kidnapped back by the United States when she was 30.
But she didn't want to be in the United States cause her whole life or CA but by
the, whatever, the pioneers,
wherever the they would call them the Americans that's her right there.
That's the photograph so far. How did you get in,
like what started your interest in this? Uh, read a book by my friend,
Steven Rinella, um, called the American Buffalo.
And it's the history of the bison in the United States and the native Americans
that would travel with the bison and all these different tribes that would,
they basically co-existed with the bison,
just moving with the bison as they migrated and hunting the bison.
And I was just like,
what a strange thing that these people live in this stone age,
but fantastic way with all these myths and legends and stories and so much
magic in their life. And then all that's gone, all that's gone.
And now we just like, so when Elizabeth Warren, yeah.
So when Elizabeth Warren lies about being that,
like that's a big deal because they're one of the most mythical
cultures, one of the most magical cultures in a lot of ways, because look,
they did horrific things to each other.
There's no doubt about the Comanche's were ruthless to each other,
to other native American tribes. They, they went on war constantly.
They were raiding each other, constantly kidnapping abducting, murdering.
I mean, there was this there's no like this idea of native Americans being like,
oh yeah, Haas poor, a hundred percent horseshit. That's not how they lived.
But the way they lived was I don't want to say
admirable, but fascinating, fascinating,
and powerful.
And th and they had their very strict rules and codes of
operating that were very unlike the Western world.
And they were invaded,
they were invaded and dominated and killed off by disease. And then ultimately,
I mean, there was, you know,
they were shooting Buffalo just to starve the Indians out. I mean,
there was a lot of crazy that went down. So when she comes out and says,
you know, oh, I am,
I grew up native American that the you did the you did.
And the more books I read now I'm on black elk speaks,
which is my favorite one so far because black elk speaks is an actual man named
black elk, who is a glaucoma Sue medicine man, a Lakota medicine man, who, uh,
in the 1930s told his story.
So he was alive when he was there, when Custer was murdered. Yeah, he was,
he was there when the, the Sioux were forced into reservations,
he's telling the whole story of them going from living this nomadic life to
being forced in these reservation reservations and starving and alcoholism and
all the chaos that came with it. So,
and this one is this one's the best because it's literally his words.
So you get a direct translation. He's talking to his son,
his son is talking to the author and the book was written in the 1930s.
Do you spend any time.
On reservations? No, I have. And other than Indian casinos doing standup,
we're working on it right now, while we're working on that. Right now,
we're reaching out to a couple of different native American groups to try to
find a good representative representative to come in and talk about w you know,
their grandparents and the stories that they had heard. Yeah. It's, um,
it's a crazy subject. And it's, to me look,
pretending you're, anything is not good,
but pretending you're native American to me is like, whoa,
that's because that's one where everybody it's,
there's like a spirituality aspect, native Americans it's implied, like you say,
your native American people are like, oh, that guy knows things. You know,
you're allowed to have feathers. You can have an,
an ironic dream catcher on your wall. You know, it's different.
That's one thing that like, cost play is yeah, I totally get that.
Totally. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a weird one, you know,
and you know, maybe someone lied to her. People,
people get the wrong information all the time from their great-grandparents and,
you know, people they get. And also the thing about Cynthia and Parker, right?
Cynthia and Parker was 0% native American,
but she was 100% Indian.
She still was a native American cause she's abducted when she was nine and lived
their life. She wanted to go back.
Like she threw in her lot with them and that made her, them.
She didn't like the Western world when she was forced to live in cities and live
in towns and she hated it. And you get her words, you know, when,
when, when she's describing the difference,
like the Comanche world was filled with magic and God's, the water was a God,
the sky was a God, everything was, there was magic. Like you would,
there was rituals that would do to protect themselves in combat.
And all these things made life fantastic.
This is the hunting of the Buffalo and the nomadic way of life.
And then all of a sudden to be locked into these buildings and wearing these
clothes and stuck within these rituals that the white men would
live. She didn't want to have any part of that. So even though like, you know,
if someone was Cynthia Ann Parker's,
if she had sex with a white man and made a white baby,
that is not a native American baby, but it kinda is, you know, I mean,
in terms of culture she's she was 100% all in Comanche when they
eventually abducted her back. Amazing stuff.
So Elizabeth, Warren. that crazy.
I'm native American talk, Mimi again. No disrespect to Mrs. Warren.
Maybe someone lied to her. Maybe someone lied to her.
Maybe she didn't know she was one, 2000th native American.
I don't know. I also just think, I don't know.
She's she's an expert and she's clearly manipulative. No,
I was going to say really smart and has like,
she knows what she's talking about. I just don't think,
I just don't think that she sells to the American people in this moment.
I just don't. I don't see it. Yeah. I really don't.
Well, that she pulled on Bernie,
what she was saying that he had pulled her aside and in private and said a woman
can never be president. Okay.
Can you tell me how you saw that moment?
Well, the CNN moment was very interesting, right?
When she walked up to him in this very public way and said,
I think you just called me a liar on national TV. And he was like, oh,
you want to get into this?
You see the video where someone put the curb, your enthusiasm, like, oh my God,
Jamie, you need to pull. It's like Tom Stiers they're living it's.
And it's like the intro music to curve. It's incredible. It's perfect.
It's funny because Tom saw her standing there, like.
Yeah, I don't, I think it was a ploy. I don't buy it.
He's been her ally forever.
And to me it shows a sign of great disloyalty and great dishonesty.
Like the way she did it, she did it as a, it's a ploy,
like ideally her and him could be allies and she could be,
either.
Person can win.
Right. But maybe she wins. And he's her running mate.
Like some that is a hundred percent possible. Right.
So if you're all in the DNC together, you should be allies, right?
He's a powerful force in the democratic party.
She's a powerful force in the democratic party.
Why are you attacking each other?
And why are you attacking each other with some story from like many years ago
where he said that a woman's never gonna win.
Ha I, I don't know.
This is one thing where I can give them both a generous read.
I think it's very possible that they had the kind of conversation that people
like you and I have all the time,
which is can a woman win the presidency of the United States?
And I think Bernie gave an answer that probably let a lot of people given those
conversations, which is maybe not,
maybe the American people are too sexist to elect a woman like that's possible.
And she, you know, and he meant that in an observational way,
not at any judgment on who she is or the capability of a woman to be
president. And she heard it in the negative way of a woman can be president.
Yes.
Too generous possible. That is possible.
I agree that she,
that this was absolutely a strategy on her part, that backfire.
That's why it's.
Not a question.
Not a question, but I also think that, you know, I am,
I have those conversations every day.
Can a woman be precedent like pupil really misogynistic.
Sure. Well, they have these ideas about what a president is.
And a president is an older male who is, you know,
well-spoken and educated. Who understands. Yeah. There's many factors. Yeah.
That's why Pete Buddha judge stern chance too short. Yeah.
And a lot of other, there's a lot of other things. Well,
there's also a mayor right now and you're why aren't you working? What are you?
No, no, man. Andrew Yang is like, are you saying no govern,
like lack of government experience? Are you saying.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
He has a job that he's not doing when he's out there running for president.
Like Andrew Yang is not,
he's not a mayor somewhere where he's ignoring his constituents.
He's not ignoring a city like south bend, Indiana. They're freaking out.
They're like, what the are you doing, man? You're supposed to be the mayor.
Well, that's on new Yorkers. Felt about bill, bill de Blasio,
which is like our feckless mayor is now running for president. I mean.
The word feckless is one of my, I never use it. It's a great word, feckless.
He is. It is. It's just, who caught someone called, um,
someone affectless? Who the hell was that? I don't know. God it.
I was, I forget who it was. Someone on the shell,
like maybe Samantha bee called someone affectless con Trump
Jesus, but she was feckless. And then condos.
That was hard. She came hard. She went hard. She came like
came at her heart. Yeah. I, I'm not good with language sometimes,
but the, um, the, the,
the Warren thing that was the real problem with it was that it was obviously
calculated. It didn't it, when people are talking, if someone said, look,
if he was like a closet misogynist. No.
Obviously he's not, obviously he's not right.
But I also think that he had a conversation with her where he said that a woman
can't win.
Emmanuel or maybe not, or maybe he said, sure,
she could sure she could be making it up.
Could I don't think that she is.
And I think what Bernie meant was not anything sexist or misogynist.
I say, sometimes I ask out loud to my friends.
I don't know if a woman can win for president.
Well, Hillary won the popular vote, right? So no one can win. Yes.
They can win. Yes. The, the, the idea that they can is nonsense,
but it's also talk, right.
If you and I were just sitting around having a cup of coffee and we're just
talking, we just talk about.
That.
Against. Yeah. You say, this is a statement and I'm like,
that's not what I'm saying. I don't know what the I'm saying right now.
Like right when I'm talking, I don't know what my next word is going to be.
Right. Everyone knows that. We, we all know that when we're talking,
it's one thing.
If you're reading a speech or if you have like a very clear doctrine that you,
you like, this is my, this is my idea of the world. Let me let,
I've thought this through very carefully.
I've written it down and I like to share it with you. This is my, okay,
well then I'm going to hold you to that. And then if you change that opinion,
I'd like you to tell me why you changed it and tell me why you,
why you were wrong. But that's definitely true. Talk if taught like,
I'm living in camp. When a women can't win a woman, can't win. Can't win.
Maybe he's. That's what he said. You know, maybe he was upset.
And then she's like, he privately told me a woman can never be present.
He's like Dutch and he's all, don't do this now. I'll do this. No.
Do you want to do this now? Will you do this.
With the curb music?